add: construction api tutorial (#2702)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/index.md

However, the integration software only prompts for transactions to be signed using Ed25519, rather than all the signature schemes [listed here](https://www.rosetta-api.org/docs/models/SignatureType.html#values), and only replies with a small subset of the potential responses that the specification supports.
For example, the software doesn’t implement any of the UTXO features of Rosetta, so you won’t see any UTXO messages in any of the software responses.

# How to use the Rosetta API

> The interaction with the Rosetta node can be split in two different parts. The first part consists of fetching data from the ledger regarding blocks, transactions and balances. This part is called the Data-API. The steps on how to interact with the Data-API can be found [here](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/index.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interaction with the Rosetta node can be split in two different parts. The first part consists of fetching data from the ledger regarding blocks, transactions and balances. This part is called the Data-API. [View the steps on how to interact with the Data-API](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/data_api/index.md). 
```

> The second part is more complex. To allow users to sign transactions offline and send them back to Rosetta there are a few interactions that the user will have to follow with the Rosetta node. This part is called the flow of operations in the Construction-API. An example of how to go through such a flow of operations can be seen [here](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/construction_api/index.md). The reader of this guide can follow along the examples outlined in the section for the Construction-API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second part is more complex. To allow users to sign transactions offline and send them back to Rosetta there are a few interactions that the user will have to follow with the Rosetta node. This part is called the flow of operations in the Construction-API. [View an example of how to go through such a flow of operations](/docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/construction_api/index.md). The reader of this guide can follow along the examples outlined in the section for the Construction-API. 
```
